- [Instructor] Domains are an extremely powerful concept
within SwaggerHub.
We're going to walk through another demonstration
within domains and also nesting some of our schema objects.
Let's navigate into the hplus domain
to create version two.
within our catalog API.
that we're going to build within our domain.
We'll define a new schema named Order.
Within that schema object, we're going
to have different properties including an ID
We can give an example of this ID property.
which will also be of type integer.
We can give an example here.
Then we're also going to grab the quantity.
We want to know how many of these items were ordered
Then we're going to specify an order date.
This will tell us when the order was placed
and this is going to be of type string.
But we're going to do something different here
where we specify a format property
that says this string is using the date-time format.
and that means we need to specify the year,
and we're just going to add one additional property,
The customer property is actually going to refer
to an existing schema with in our domain
and that's the Customer schema we see on line 36.
In order to reference that, we use the hash sign
and then we just specify the path to
that schema object within our file.
It will be within the components section of the file
and then nested within that is schemas
and then finally we have the Customer schema itself.
If we inspect our API documentation
you can see that the Order schema
has a nested Customer schema defined within it.
Let's go ahead and save our domain
and then we're going to publish
the second version of our domain.
Now that that's in place, we can navigate
into the catalog API.
The catalog API is where we're going
to place the order path,
so that we can define a post operation to this path.
Now, because this operation is going to allow
an order to be placed, we need
to put some security in place.
To do that, we use the security property.
Within the security property we're able
to supply an array, where we can point
to security schemes that we defined.
We know we've defined our OAuth password flow
within our security schema.
We're going to protect this endpoint with the right scope.
So, anybody invoking this needs to have the right scope.
Now that security's in place the next thing
that we specify is the request body.
The request body details the data that an API consumer
needs to send when invoking this operation.
Inside of the request body, we specify
the content property followed by our media type.
In this case, we're going to be using JSON.
Then we can go ahead and specify our schema,
using the ref property.
Here we can point to our order
that we defined on the domain.
You'll see with auto-completion
the SwaggerHub editor is able to supply that path,
taking that burden away from us.
Now, for any operation we also have to specify
the responses for that operation.
Here we'll specify what a 200 response looks like.
This is going to be a successful response from the API.
And now we have that in place.
If we would like, we can also return some data
from this operation.
You just put the content property in place
followed by a media type and then within that the schema
and finally, we can specify a ref.
Let's say that we just want to return
the order object back to the API consumer
to indicate that we have, in fact, processed their order.
Now we can see the new order operation on our API
and we can see that we get the Order schema
that's provided via the response
and also the Order schema being used
as the request body provided by the API consumer.
Excellent.
Let's go ahead and we will save this catalog API
because that concludes our work with domains
and nested schemas within our domain definitions.